fix(docs): properly derive Ed25519 keypair from IOTA private key in example (#5698)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/ts-sdk/typescript/cryptography/keypairs.mdx

```

If you know your keypair schema, you can use the `fromSecretKey` method of the appropriate keypair

> to directly derive the keypair from the secret key.But you need to decode it first using `decodeIotaPrivateKey`
> from that you you will get parsedKeypair object from that pass the `parsedKeypair.secretKey` to 
> `fromSecretKey` and get the keypair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to directly derive the keypair from the secret key.
First, you need to decode it using [`decodeIotaPrivateKey`](../../api/cryptography/functions/decodeIotaPrivateKey.md). The `decodeIotaPrivateKey`
function  will return a [`parsedKeypair`](../../api/cryptography/type-aliases/ParsedKeypair.md) object. You can then
use the `parsedKeypair.secretKey` as a param when calling the `fromSecretKey` function from the relevant keypair
schema ([`ed25519`](../../api/keypairs/ed25519/index.md), [`secp256k1`](../../api/keypairs/secp256k1/index.md)).
```
